Hello everyone, then finally there is one
light too perhaps too much light and you
I don't know I made some purchases from
little things for the house I wanted to make
to see
and started it all yesterday
I had no intention there
objectively I didn't need it though I am
all you have to do is shop , my country
a fool because I said some
nice this shop compliments but from
forbes lady is eight years anyway
well and no matter it is a little shop
shabby to so many things decor
Provencal a bit to bicycles so much
nice and i took something i was looking for
for a long time
let's see if you can guess what it can push
different different maybe there are some
chopsticks and there is a pedestal
in a nutshell, apple bowed na
that scooter is a tax holder then
I will put it as tax strength can
be a door with the year in the door
bracelets m to do I had seen it to
home of a friend who is now taken
abroad today I had searched on amazon
but I didn't find anything you see
that I have so many taxes is really
very very comfortable and I paid 12 euros
and so so I can keep all the
fees expected for me and I am comfortable too
because all the taxes that I have in the Hanging
they take up a lot of space
then on the road frico and I took this
It is something that I liked so much the
fantasy does not make me crazy though it is
pretty they are scented sheets from
drawer to put in the drawers
below to perfume the drawer e
even those who carry the laundry with them
there were some in many fragrances
there I read a fat that seemed
just in last with lemon
the march is what you can
I paid the interest to their words
these are four sheets of vanilla
that in short among all those I have
felt it was less worse then I took
oh well useful things but very fashion
gas lighter and because it hurt me
there was in so many colors luca de fusco
fair because we like the kospi that every
or at that time you must know this is
one thing that I reward for the second
time because the first apple have broken
was always on offer of this brand the
brigade of trends
This ceramic toothbrush holder by
I also have a soap dish
cute look really cute for a
euro and 99 in short what you want more
from the waist or the soap dish of the same
in short, with the same image, this is true
it had been broken so now lori
bought because I liked it and did it
last thing with the soap dish
taken from briko is this little box
this white basket with mala noche
I would like to use it as a palette carrier
eye shadows because
My makeup collection I have it here
But the room I usually morning I
magno make-up then in the bathroom or a little
of things piled up a little
bulk and eye shadow palettes are
things that give me more
in short, they give me a little more than
concern in quotation marks this
I think it costs two hours and 92 euros and 49
A thing like that
as far as 25 cm from the side there was rossoverde
there was in other variations it is nice
plastic looks very solid and therefore
I want to put all the palettes of
so at least there are more eye shadows
eye and does not end up like
in the last period I love the drawer
one looks at that with sami as long as it is
what I find many new ones I went
also as a leader and from there taken
these are not for the home maybe doing
because they are cute they are nice for two
euro and 99 are slippers
done was lines of the smart and atias app
bailarìn type and there are barriers are
lightly padded and have the
plastic and cost 2 euros and 90 92 euros e
something like that and they are very comfortable
especially when in the morning at 6 am
fort to wander home to do
common is the last thing then unfortunately
I threw old people from yesterday unfortunately
in short, I said yesterday that they were
over the years
I then laughing and joking this year
seven years of marriage so I had
we will give up for quite a while now
go find me wanted cuts yesterday
I went to find and I didn't find
nothing really cheap than not
was that why not go there that he
just to mention because he's not near here
so what have I already done the leader myself
he says I found this one from ernesto
that a brand that I really like
great age to count with shells the child and
it's a bayern it's better because i the
big sky so I needed something
so small and even the small knife now
I don't know the knife like it will be
which is very durable
in case of very sharp blade e
non-slip and classic gels
antibacterial for optimal hygiene
cost 3 euros and 99 I mean a
price re and that I did leave it there
standards and so I got it I hope that
mimì i'm fine when i have to accept
small things but it escapes me
here is how I am
delighted that brings touch
I can't wait to go and put it on
I was looking forward to making the video
so I can immediately put it in the kitchen
that I greet you and see you at
next video